well no matter
The culprit has become today
söder gaming you also have a youtube
channel yes you are quite right
said I have won you said
won dice won
yes, compete against me today
I am pleased you, I am very happy
that I know what you on your youtube
channel
that does not matter here now
want to make the calendar today
december and the santa claus has
sent a single message today
yes all right then let me completely
just look here, I have the picture
newspaper with playboy were here now
so it went hello barkley and the
winner in the form of dice
you should see the roll club on the
to defeat snakes and who as
first has reached the end
won
very nicely submitted because wants to say
we start in 32 but without a mouse
So the keys
Naturally
I am allowed to reach voluntariness
as soon as i fly again dont mouse like that
easy
actually hated only with the
Eat ass, the catwalks you have
already last year i have already
no, no, I'm away
I fell down are new
I arrive absolutely three bars again
I am coming too fast a new one
ya yeah 20 o'clock parking he picks up again
900 won
the celebrity because no abuse
oh yes I am quite fast 20 bars
I have three culprits right now
left right even make an audition
you
century yes it shit it
fell by two dollars
flic flac success get the apa that
i 'm sorry i can post to that
as a moment postbank you have it
he is currently using it to see him
I really sink twelve
already say that was a light one
So the südast buildings thus have the
finger is getting the points again
the 26th
was there